Add publications and presentations documentation (#3513)
nasa-gcn/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/docs.about.publications-presentations/route.mdx

---
handle:
  breadcrumb: Publications and Presentations
---

import presentation from './gcn_presentation_thumbnail.jpg'

# Publications

In addition to GCN Circulars that are available in [ADS](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/search/q=bibstem%3A%22GCN%22), the GCN Team provides the following publications about the general properties of the system or derived analyses.

- "General Coordinates Network (GCN): NASA’s Next Generation Time-Domain and Multimessenger Astronomy Alert System" [@2026inprep]
- "Large Language Model─driven Analysis of General Coordinates Network (GCN) Circulars" [@2026ApJS..283...30S]
- "BACODINE, the Real-Time BATSE Gamma-Ray Burst Coordinates Distribution Network" [@1995Ap&SS.231..235B]

# Presentations

> The GCN Team regularly presents at conferences on the latest features and plans for GCN. We maintain a [GitHub repository](https://github.com/nasa-gcn/gcn-presentation) with a general presentation that includes the motivation for the new GCN, technical details on the implementation, tutorials on signing up for Notices and Circulars, as well as overviews of new features and those in development. This presentation is available for use and we welcome input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GCN Team regularly presents at conferences on the latest features and plans for GCN. We maintain a [GitHub repository](https://github.com/nasa-gcn/gcn-presentation) with a general presentation that includes the motivation for the new GCN, technical details on the implementation, tutorials on signing up for Notices and Circulars, as well as overviews of new features and those in development. The latest version of the presentation can be viewed by clicking on the thumbnail below.
```
